# School-Gis

## Abstract
The term GIS is a system designed to capture, stores, manipulate, analyze,
manage and presents all types of spatial data related to earth using proprietary
GIS platform, that provides functionality and services for GIS processing oper-
ates by only GIS analyst. With the growing digital world, there is huge amount
of data generated daily. Amongst which there is geospatial data available, which
can be useful for getting fruitful knowledge. Such information can be used for
the betterment and providing insights about a system as well as highlight im-
portant areas which need attention. Despite the significant resources deployed
by the government, there has not been a significant growth in the quality of
education. The purpose of this project is to create a community driven and ori-
ented GIS portal which will help to contribute as well as gain information about
schools in Maharashtra in the form of maps.
<br>
The project reviews the performance of currently functioning site schoolre-
portcard.in and introduces a GIS-based website SchoolGIS, hosted on Geonode.
SchoolGIS is still in its deployment phase and the testing feedback is positive. It
combines school information with GIS application, open to the public to assist
about the quality of schools. Various information query and display methods are
provided in the system, including reviewing, rating, dynamic query, and giving
dynamic inputs regarding details of a particular school. Choropleth maps are
developed for analysis and decision-making on spatial educational problems on
a given locality.
